''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
QUESTIONS:
CSRF attack
URL manipulation (airline Staff)
SQL injection
TEST GET REQUESTS!!!!
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''


Things I tested for: ( MITCHELL ZHOU )

CUSTOMER CASES
1) PURCHASE page
    a) the table will only show flights that are available... in this case available means that 
        - THERE ARE seats available
        - departure date is in the Future
        - User doesn't currently own it
        - and Status is "on-time"

    SECURITY/BAD behavior
    b) When user tries to enter a valid Ticket_ID in the SYSTEM but that ticket is not 'available'---> see definition above for 'available'
        OUTPUT MESSAGE = "Ticket for this flight is not unavailable for purchase"
    
    c) When user tries to enter non-integers into the credit card box
        HTML code won't submit the form until the credit card input is valid
    
    d) When user tries to enter a credit card expiration date that is in the past
        I made the minimum date 12/15/2022... Ideally it would be the current date but idk how to do it
    
    Checks
    e) The price updates correctly based on the number of passengers booked on the flight
    d) 



2) ViewFlights page
    a) the table will only show ALL tickets that the user has purchased
        - ascending order based on plane departure time (more recent flights will appear at the top)
        

    SECURITY/BAD behavior
    b) When the user enters departure airport or arrival airpot that doesn't exist
        The query will still run but nothing will be outputed in the result.
       
    Checks
    c) All of the filter mechanisms work such as the Departure Date, Return Date, Departure Airport, and Arrival Airport.
     

3) CustomerDelete page
    a) the Table shows all of the tickets the user has purchased that are 24 hours before the departure time

    SECURITY/BAD behavior
    b) When the user enters a ticketID that they do not own.
        regardless of whether the ticketID is valid in the system or not, they will get a message 
        saying: "Error: This is an inalid ticketID. Please submit an ID that is from the list above. If the list is empty then you cannot cancel any tickets"
       
    Checks
    c) Correctly removes the ticket form the purchases table.


3) Rate flight
    a) the Table shows all of the tickets the user is able to write a review for
        - the table will show flights with arrival times < NOW()
        
    SECURITY/BAD behavior
    b) When the user tries to write a review twice
        Error message saying: "Error: You have already given the flight a rating"
       
    Checks
    c) Correctly adds the review into the database


3) Rate flight
    a) the Graph by default shows the money spent for past 6 months
        - Includes both the price spent for the range the user specified and 
        the money spent from the previous year.
        
    SECURITY/BAD behavior
    b) When the user tries to enter dates
        - The dates are inputed though the html type='date' input, so 
        the user is forced to enter valid dates

        - IF USER tries to enter End date > Start date and ERROR message will appear!
       
    Checks
    c) Correctly shows barchart with all the values.
     
